my design totally rocks it is the best
one I've done yet it's the absolute
pinnacle of through engineering mastery
check it out well it looks like you are
right your new design totally rocked the
system so not cool grace just a few
quick fixes here yes done let's say
hello to our talented with the
up-and-coming engineers or above to
design their very own thrill rides hi
I'm Spencer
welcome to the sum of all thrills part
of weaith Leon's commitment to help
inspire a new generation of
technologists and innovators and we're
here to show you how engineers use math
in science to create some really amazing
things and then you'll get a chance to
create some engineering magic of your
own our friends at Raytheon have
thousands of engineers who innovate
exciting ideas every day because that's
what engineers do use math and science
to make incredible things come to life
like Murray
go over 200 miles per hour and
spaceships that go to the moon they
designed the longest bridges the tallest
skyscrapers and the tiniest machines
known to exist not to mention the really
important work of designing the latest
video games making musical instruments
creating the coolest toys and my
personal favorite dreaming up totally
wild thrill rides and what do all these
engineers have in comments vision
they're all good looking at like me all
engineers use powerful tools to control
and understand math and science these
tools allow them to create amazing
things now it's your turn to use these
tools and to design and write your very
own searle experience on our cuca
robotics simulator spencer care to
demonstrate absolutely take a look at
her engineering station first choose the
type of ride you want to design then
customize your design using these cool
tools this tricked-out ruler here lets
you change the height or width with each
partner oh and it is not let you change
the speed
don't forget Spencer those tools also
help you control how much energy you
lose to pull up all those thrills let's
see what happens when I push it to the
mix
neat crash another one of the tools
you'll be using
he's our test spot to help you preview
your ride and to make sure it's going to
work the way you planned crash you okay
what twins forgot to show you is that
you can use math and science to
fine-tune your experience these meters
on the Left measure how much energy you
have how much you need and if you have
enough to complete the track that way
you can be sure you have enough energy
to create a ride that a really sore and
now it's your turn when you get to the
design table start by selecting your
language and then follow the on-screen
instructions don't forget to take your
semaa ball thrills card with you great
they all made it possible for you to
continue your experience when you get
home trust me it's worth keeping do us
Howard engineers
you'll do great and remember control the
math control my thrill welcome to the
design station time to make an awesome
ride how many engineers in your class
thank you
yeah but I'm just gonna video her doing
it and then we're gonna ride together is
that okay okay you do
now choose your vehicle they range from
mild to wild
touch the track piece you want to build
first
now we use the ruler to customize your
track piece pick up the ruler
place the ruler in the rectangle you can
drag the yellow button to adjust the
track like this place your finger on the
yellow box lie the button up or down to
adjust the track shape
ready to test crash crash is ready to go
press the test button
Oh No the track piece is too high or is
your roller coaster too slow
pick up the knob place the knob in the
speed circle
you can press the test button to test
your changes
Oh
kraspo texture changes when you press
the test button
great job
now that you've calibrated the system
you can set aside the tools all you need
to do is pick your track pieces now take
your second track piece
thread a needle
take your third track peace
take your final track piece Menino
your roller coaster track is come leet
mrs. Ellen goes upside down are you okay
with that now we get to name your design
Thunder
under twister
twister Thunder twister press the upload
button to upload your design to the
simulator
upload complete